On the day of 51 we were assigned to read an article by sir Asharib Ali. 

There are some important pint from this article:

1- Practice,Practice and Paractice..:-
In this article it was clearly described that if you want to be a good programmar practice , practice and just practice. By practicing coding questions on daily bases this will helps in getting familiar with syntax, understanding common programming problems,developing problem-solving skills.

2- Regularity in learning:-
Avoid irregularity in learning, never skip even a single day of your programming.You should do your programming on daily bases this will helps you to think and solve more complex problems.

3-We should not do overAnaylsis of the concept:-
Avoid overanaylsis it's mean dont spend to much time understanding a single topic or concept just understand them in a simple way, use them practically, and move forward. Save in-depth analysis for later when you have more experience.

4-Pay Attention to Error Messages-
Read the error carefully and try to understand the error message. However, these messages contain valuable clues to solve issues. 

5-Practice with MCQs:-
Practicing(MCQs) is beneficial. It helps in campus interviews and enhances understanding of programming syntax and rules. MCQs also teach how programs behave in different situations.

6-Code with hands:-
Code using pen and paper. This method helps in processing information faster, promotes quicker technical learning.

7-Read other's code:- 
Don't hesitate to read code written by others. It's a valuable learning experience that can help you find solutions to challenging problems more efficiently and save time.

8-Improve Problem-Solving Skills: Developing strong problem-solving skills is a crucial skill for developers. Don't get discouraged by errors; instead, learn from them and continue the learning process.

9-Break Tasks into Smaller Parts:-
In programming, taking time to complete tasks without errors is important. Beginners should start with basic concepts and gradually progress. 

10-Find a perfect mentor:-
Find a knowledgeable mentor who can guide you in a right direction, Explain you the solutions of different problems occurs in programming.